# Temperature_in_Microdroplet_under_Bessel_beam
Calculate the time-dependent and spatial temperature distribution in a microdroplet heated by a pulsed Bessel beam with or without considering the refraction of the droplets.
## Model discription
The calculation is based on heat conduction model in Spherical coordinates using integral transformation or Green's function. The boundary condition at the droplet surface is assumed to be heat convection boundary condition with fixed heat convection coefficient. Thus, all the boundary conditions are homogeneous. However, the governing equation is nonhomogeneous with interal heating ***g(r,theta)***. ***g(r,theta)*** acting as the source term in the conduction model comes from the laser heating inside the droplet. When the laser illuminated on the droplet, part of the energe is reflected with the ratio *reflectance*. The remainning energe traveling in the droplet heats the droplet inside based on the *absorption coefficients*. When considering refraction, the *refractive index* determines how the laser gets bended and focused.
## Run the code
For both **WithRefraction** and **WithoutRefraction** folders, ```Temperature_In_Drop.m``` is the main program to run. One should change the line 5 ```parpool(31)``` to ```parpool(Number of CPUs)``` suitable for their own applications since the codes use parallel for loops. The different droplets, the parameters like reflectance, heat convection coefficients need to be changed also.

You only need **WithRefraction** folder to calculate the temperature in droplet due to laser heating if considering refraction and You only need **WithoutRefraction** folder to calculate the temperature in droplet due to laser heating if not considering refraction. Either case returns you a ```*.mat``` file which allows you to load into the workspace in folder **Plot** to plot the temperature colormap or explosion regions.
